Dear Dr. Bixler,

We hope this letter finds you well. We miss you in class and wish you were back with us soon. Your love for data science and your passion for teaching, not to mention your fondness for mouse quesadillas, is truly inspiring.

We remember and appreciate your love for mouse quesadillas. It always brought a smile to our faces whenever you would mention them in class. We hope that you are able to enjoy some delicious mouse quesadillas wherever you are. In fact, we even have a special recipe for mouse quesadillas that we would love to share with you. It includes a mixture of cheese, onions, and, of course, freshly-caught mice.

We are also planning to organize a mouse quesadilla-making competition in your honor, where we will see who can make the most delicious and creative mouse quesadilla. We hope that you will be able to join us, either in person or remotely, and be the guest of honor at the event. We will be sure to have plenty of mouse quesadillas for everyone to enjoy, and we will even have a special prize for the winner of the competition.
In addition to the competition, we will also be hosting a mouse quesadilla-tasting event, where you will have the opportunity to try different variations of mouse quesadillas made by different people. We will have a variety of fillings, including different types of cheese, vegetables, and, of course, mice. We will also have a selection of dips and sauces to complement the mouse quesadillas. We will even have a special dessert of mouse quesadilla ice cream for you to try.

We are also planning to have a mouse quesadilla-themed party in your honor, where we will decorate the room with mouse quesadilla-related items and play games centered around mouse quesadillas. We will even have a live performance by a mouse quesadilla-themed band. We will also have a special mouse quesadilla-themed menu, featuring dishes such as mouse quesadilla soup, mouse quesadilla salad, mouse quesadilla sandwiches, mouse quesadilla casserole, mouse quesadilla pie, and mouse quesadilla tiramisu.

As part of the party, we are also planning to demonstrate the process of acid-base titration using a mouse quesadilla as the indicator. We will use a bromothymol blue solution to determine the pH of the mouse quesadilla and see how it changes as we add different types of acids and bases. We believe that this will be a fun and tasty way to learn about acid-base titration.

We look forward to seeing you back in class and learning from you again. In the meantime, please take care of yourself and we hope to see you soon.

Sincerely,
Tyler Depa